I have written something about respect as early as the first summer I applied for asylum in Lithuania.
If I remember correctly, I wrote that because some supposed asylum seekers uttered (not really talked to me) something like "You respect me, I respect you." A concept I agree with. If I remember correctly, I wrote that they have already shown disrespect by helping the persecutors (monitoring, harassing, making me relive the torment, etc, and outright insults.). It's funny that they still talk about it afterwards.

I don't know what they mean by respect. Obviously, the word means to them something very different from the concept I know.



20241010 
Was moved to Hertfordshire. 
 
20241014 
Visited the Hertfordshire Police Station* to ask for help. Asked me to talk to an officer (mainly one, but there were more) in an interview room. Didn’t even help me contact the Home Office to get a full record of the asylum accommodations I should have been and should be now. (It shouldn’t be a long record.) Felt more like treated intentionally as some kind of suspect. They again refused to let me take photos of them or their card. For unknown reasons, they tore the page they asked me to write my name and date of birth on and went from behind the counter into another room before giving it back to me. They claimed that it was to show another officer. 
 
20241015 
Asked to speak to the officer again. Was told to come 19:00 on Friday, which is close to the closing time there. Asked to get help without that officer instead. Was refused. Was told that I needed to ask immigration. I said I was just asking about what exactly happened the day before, because it was clearly not meant to help me, and it was not a migration problem. Was told it was. 
 
I asked about FOI request and told them I couldn’t contact the Home Office because my devices were compromised. Asked to help me ask about the asylum accommodations I should have been and should be now. It should be easy. I have been feeling like an object being sent around to harass, insult, damage and used for entertainment and experiment. (I am not kidding. I mentioned part of it in previous entries.) 
Not only didn’t they help with that. I fear there is a chance that more crimes have been committed against me right at the police station. 
 
Also, I believe I received harassment and insults from the locals I have just met or even passers-by. The whole situations suggest that it was part of the persecution. There are grave implications in this, not only for me.  
 
Almost 2 years and a half. The vicious cycle is still continuing and thus getting worse. Haven’t felt like a human, but an object owned by the persecutors. Used for all kinds of sick purposes including entertainment and experiments, which I somewhat mentioned in previous entries. 
 
The worst part is, perhaps, there are more and more people getting involved and revelling in it. 
 

A few days after visiting the police station
Went to the borough council and asked for the same help. After some time, things started turning into something like what happened at the police station. Was asked for my name and date of birth. No answer to what they would do to help. I said they were repeating the same thing that happened at the police station. They kept repeating to ask for my name and date of birth. In the end, they said something like I had a place to live and they couldn't help. I asked what they were even talking about and said that I asked them to help me contact the Home Office only, but they already left laughing.


20241118
There is more time I am spending outside the asylum accommodation since moved. The harassment is now done also in public, by people including the public.

The harassers/stalkers also take the form of families. A man popped out and yelled at me when I returned the favour to some women who took their children with them to participate in their harassment.

Am I wrong to call that using gender and kids as tools? I have written several times that everything is a tool to the persecutors. [Here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/locharp/asylum_diary/refs/heads/main/en/asylum_diary_35.txt) is one example. It is sad that it happens where the Great Firewall is. It was very sad that it also happened in Lithuania. And now the UK.
