There have been people who would come and yell at me since the police officers surrounded me at the Tesco, refused to show their warrant cards and messages properly, pressed me onto the ground and took me into custody in Nov.

Other than bringing their tools to harassment, they also exploited dogs and set them to be hostile to me. There was a time when the dog kind of pounced, but luckily didn't bite.

I used to wonder what the people were told that they would join the persecution without question. After the recent events, it's clear now that it's not necessary that they were told something. From the individuals of the public to all kinds of businesses and organizations including banks and NGOs, they know crimes were committed against me, they simply don't have a problem with it. Not only don't they have a problem, they support them. They help cover them up. They participate in them.

It's the 33rd month I have been treated as non-human owned by the persecutors. There is no sign of stopping. For years, I have been stalked and harassed as soon as I leave my flat or room, monitored even in the bathroom, violated even in my bed. I don't see how any person, as I thought we should be, could stand by such sickness. I don't see how and when I will ever live not in this pathetic situation.

The persecutors are surely powerful. Yet, with all the wealth, influence and power, their sickness remains incurable. Quite the opposite, it spreads like cancer.

The people involved are well over a thousand now. Stanley Milgram quickly concluded after almost all the participants in his experiment continued to conduct the torture (it's fake, but the participants were not supposed to know that) even when the other person screamed in agony and pleaded for a stop, that it's not that the people were cold-hearted, but rather, something else was at work. If I remember correctly he mentioned he was a popular guy. I cannot help but think that he's popular probably not for no reason. He probably knew what to say, and what not to.
