It has been a while since I thought about writing another entry directed at potential real readers. Today I got assaulted on the road. The injury is light. But it indicates that things are getting worse in yet another way. There were also other things that happened. (Oh, when weren't there.) Perhaps it's time to write it.

After writing the entry:
Unfortunately, I don't seem to be able to convey what I wanted to. I can only hope that you will think seriously.

---
 
There have been many times when I wanted to make the entry the last I would write. Having been in the situation for years already, sometimes I would wonder if there really is any point in keeping on writing. Perhaps I have been wanting to call upon something. But it seems that there is nothing to be called upon.

There are people who know I am writing this. The persecutors, that is for sure. But do the common people read this, too? If yes, what are they thinking?

Why do I write (or type) these in a public library where I am monitored and harassed? Of course, where I write makes little difference in terms of being monitored or not. But what do you think this stupid guy, or baby if you prefer, is thinking and doing? As someone who found interest in computer science, I am nothing if not logical. In fact, I have always been more logical than otherwise, even before studying CS.

If this basis is established, what do you think I am doing? What do you think are the reasons for an asylum seeker to be like this, whether he is acting in some way or being treated in some way?

I can see that what I have been doing is not appreciated. If I am not mistaken, even my attempt at volunteering for Ukraine was mocked. My upbringing tells me to avoid boasting, or to some extent, avoid even mentioning one's good deeds or good intentions. I think I didn't mention volunteering for Ukraine until the persecution continued for a long time after the asylum application. My upbringing also tells me not to expect repayment for good deeds. I always try to remind myself about that. But I guess it is still very reasonable, and more so, natural to expect that the responses should be at least neutral if not appreciative.

Well, don't get me wrong, I have never doubted that there would be chances that even if my volunteering were accepted, I might end up helping nothing. But I thought the thought still would count. It probably means shit to some (or rather, it doesn't). But it meant life to me, literally. There were probably numerous dangers. For one, if I understood correctly, chances were that anyone could die from a missile strike even in areas that are remote to the battlefields, whether it hit the target area or strayed.

Of course, I haven't forgotten that I also needed a place to live, or "an asylum". So I considered that a mutual help.

If you can trust the above, do you still believe all the accusations cast at this guy? What do you think this stupid guy is thinking and doing now?

I think I can say that I have been living in agony since a few months after applying for asylum in Lithuania. Consciously aware of how people went out of their way to torment me. And it continues to this day. (Geeze, don't reverse the causality.)

Does it not appear to you that I am paying a grave price?

I used to quit a job when I found myself degrading working it. Unfortunately, this is not a job, and I don't have a choice.

Does it not elicit your thoughts on what I am paying that price for? Provided if you have spent time watching and/or laughing.



Ultimately, what do you think you are doing? What do you think what you are doing or seeing will eventually mean?
