There was an alarm. Was told to get out and exited the port compound for a while.

Download some games/apps with sexual contents about two weeks ago. My body conditions, especially sexual related ones, manipilated to an absurd level since then. For unknown sick reasons AND entertainment. I absolutely have natural reactions considered.

I don't know how the fuck this is acceptable to all of these. I don't know what the fuck I am living through.



20240829
selpt awfully lot
fell ill



20240830
Coughed so much that it hurts internally
It is not the illness that caused the coughing.



20240901
The staff of Bibby Stockholm came to tell me to go to their office. I asked for email communication because it has been proven that I'd only be given bullshit rudely, when they were willing to communicate at all. I also said I can only read and write anyway, so email probably will be more efficient. They mentioned home office and interview but refused to send email.



A note that I have said in many places of these entries:
What I write is not all that I experiencesd.
Nor are those things happened only where I have written about them.



20240903
Went to Dorset Police Headquarter again. Couldn't get anyone to show their identification more than a few seconds in hours, including some in uniform that appeared later. Refused to let me take photos of the conversations (written because I can only read and write.) Refused to show identification for me to see long enough.



I further confirmed another thing I mentioned. Or things.



This world really is rotten and pathetic as fuck.
As if fuck can describe the rot and pathos.
