Still cough mildly when I move my body in daily activities such as exercises or sometimes even when I am not moving.

The day I woke up in a hospital (Luton & Dunstable University Hospital) I was approached by some people posing as medical staff. One of them had some documents and I saw that it stated from where I was taken by the ambulance. I asked for it and that gave me the horribly worded discharge note that stated only that I was found on a street. And then I was rushed to leave by security.

Have been sleeping in the living room since the door to the room I was moved to in early October is locked and I have only a key to the back door of the house. My request to the Home Office for a full record of the asylum accommodations I have been assigned to is still not responded to. Meanwhile, I am asked for my address repeatedly everywhere, including by the police who refused to help contact the Home Office. Someone told me the (house) manager told me to sleep in the room and gave me some keys yesterday. After entering the unlocked room the person came to ask me to try the keys. They didn't open the door. And if I understood correctly (the message didn't make sense probably because he used voice input), asked me where my key to the room was. It was strange. Obviously I didn't have the key. Later I found that they were keys to the back door. Returned all but one. Was told that manager would give me the keys today yesterday. Was also told that the living room's cold and not for sleeping...... Evening of 12 Dec 2024, no news about the keys.
Note: I tried to keep the window in the living room slighgly open for air flow in the past weeks since I started sleeping in the living room. But I often woke up in the mid night, or sometimes in the morning, and found it completely closed. One time it was widely opened instead. 

Harassment has become more aggressive since the day I was taken into custody and woke up finding a warning note about the false accusation - filming children. It's nonsense in more ways than one. The funny thing is that for a period, there were increased children and even increased baby strollers on the street. Both on the way to and at the town centre of Stevenage.

After the assault I mentioned in the last entry, I was also assaulted on:
1 Dec 2024
9 Dec 2024

Although not serious, obviously they shouldn't have happened.

Asked for CCTV footage from shops both by online methods and in person. One said that after talking to the police they cannot give me the footage because it's against the law.

https://www.gov.uk/request-cctv-footage-of-yourself
(quote)
`You have the right to request CCTV footage of yourself.
You need to make a request to the owner of the CCTV system. You can do this either in writing or verbally.`

Tesco, Barclays Bank, Lloyds Bank and Halifax Bank told me I could only ask the police to help when I walked in to request the footage in person.

Soon after a manager came to talk to me at my request at the service counter of Tesco a security member approached. There were also other strange things that happened when I was at the banks.

Careful readers should have an idea about what's happening.

---

It is painful. It has been painful since the first summer in Lithuania when I felt something's wrong and stopped cutting my hair. My hair barely grows since it reached my chest a year ago. It remains long and messy. Much like the situation.

32nd month, I still don't get proper information. Couldn't get much information in Lithuania even when I asked. Haven't received any letter from the Home Office. Haven't got responses that really responded to my queries. 

It's like I am stripped of my human identity. Stripped of proper information. Can't receive information about myself. Faced with twisted and made-up rules. Stripped of dignity. Got degaraded treatment and insult in every aspect of life. Stripped of privacy, even in the bathroom, toilets and bed. Stripped of security. Can't receive letters or packages. Can't use my personal information and identity safely. Harassers and assailants walk away freely, although the you-know-who are lurking around. On the other hand, I got forced to the ground and taken into custody when I was just standing there typing my responses. Stripped of means to protect myself. What are they lurking around for? Can't get footage to prove what happened even when there is. On the other hand they get to entertain themselves with footage from all kinds of situations. From the constant surveillance to every staged crap. Stripped of bodily autonomy. Got damaged at whims. Put under effects of unknown substances and devices against my will, even after I explicitly said I do not agree with any of such things.

900 days of torment, no human interaction was possible, only bullshit, scripted acts, harassment, insults, and now assaults. Finished with reversed causality.
