20241120
Surrounded by a number of officers in uniform while exiting from the self-service machine area of a Tesco. Couldn't get them to show their cards and their phone with typed messages properly. My whole body was forced to the ground when I repeatedly typed on my phone to ask them to show properly. Was taken into custody. Regained full awareness in a hospital, not knowing that it was already another day. Was asked questions that gave me a strange feeling. Found my belongings including those that should be at the accommodation with me in the hospital. Was given a discharge note and rushed to leave the hospital when I tried to reorganise the badly messed up belongings. The discharge note was worded horribly and said I refused to engage and had no obvious injuries when both of my wrists were injured. Returned to ask for an amended discharge note. Was told that they couldn't do that that day. Returned to ask again the next day. Was told that they couldn't change it and could only give me a new booking to get one.

When returned to the hospital for an amended discharge note and asked for help to contact those who sent me to the hospital, I was asked if I wanted to be sent to a shelter. Inquired but refused at the end, fearing getting extra help. Couldn't be a bad decision because I still ended up staying in a shelter for the night.

During all phases of the incident including when at the shelter I was asked questions the same as those from the harassers in the past years.

One of the things I was accused of was anti-social behaviour – taking photos of children. Check [my last entry](https://github.com/locharp/asylum_diary/blob/main/UK/20241118.md).

Multiple grave problems can be seen in this event. Some should be obvious. Some others are not.
