Receive a few papers from the Holiday Inn staff around the middle of May. It stated that I would be evicted whether or not I move to Bibby Stockholm at the end of May. Confirm with the staff that was the case before leaving. Slightly before that got a copy of agreement I had never seen with my electronic signature printed on it.

Contacted the home office email address stated on the papers to request accommodation with self-catering and openable window. Was rejected stating no supporting evidence. I replied that they know what happened as they are together. Receieved another rejection after moved.

The air and god know what problem that caused my respiratory problem had been continuing, changing in severity.

Same thing happened again at Bibby Stockholm along with some other things wrong on the day of arrvival. I won't list all of them here.

I was asked to sign a paper for using the gym, provide email and mobile number, and provide an electronic signature which I was led to believe that it was meant to be a sample for them. Later was told that I signed an agreement I had never seen. On the agreement is a statement supposed from me stating that I believe I have no disease. Told them about the respiratary problem and it could be a disease. Wanted to correct the problem without escalation. Asked to receive the agreement they said I signed by email and be given an email contact, was refused and told to contact lawyer and Migrant Help. Later gave me an email address started with reception1.

Wanted to get the contact of the site manager but they refused. When I said the agreement stated it should be provided, they said they had to review it.

Days later I asked again. Someone in the room with the one said to be the site manager read from his computer and said there was no such clause. Asked to look at it together on his device so that I could point out for them. The person start to use a tougher tone and refused. Asked them to send it to me and communicate via email, was also refused. Told me to communicate via email of reception. Later I showed them the clause from a paper copy I got from.the reception. They argued the clause "To appoint a Site Manager who will be the point of contact for all day-to-day matters and provide 24 hour contact details." doesn't mean providing the contacf details of the site manager. Instead they told me to contact via the email address starts with reception1 and the physical address of the barge.

The same day, between talking to the two person in a room I was told by the reception staff that I didn't give them my phone number and email address. I said no way that was possible, I gave them my email adress and told them I didn't have a working sim the day I arrvived. After repeated a few times, my information was shown to be one by one for confirmation. I said I would send them my number by email once I have a working sim, but somehow they said Inrefused to give them and then they didn't need my number. Later got a paper copy of the agreement to show the two in the room. Asked to received the agreement by email again.

Received the agreement by email that evening from an email address that started with reception2. Sent a reply to both email addresses and stated the problems. Didn't get a response.



Tried to use the ASPEN card I received before moving to Bibby Stockholm but failed. Contacted Migrant Help and some new issues raised, including address on enquiry entry changed to Holiday Inn and entries disappearing.

Sent another request for changing to self-catered accommodation in which I called them out for working together with the persecutors. And stated although there are worse tortures in the world, what they do to me still amount to torture.

The fact that we, the persecutors and the persecuted, are "communicating" is ridiculous.

But so were the past years.

Coughed non-stop the same evening and fell ill the next morning. I mean it was more severe. I have been suffering these problems
all along which are obviously intended. So amazing for being a human among humans.

Talked about what I experienced in a game. Unwise I guess. Pretty sure the persecutors are there. And hell yeah, I started playing games again some time ago.

Other pathetic things are of course not stopped.

Just as I finished typing most of the above I felt ill and took a nap. Woke up just to feel more sick and vomited. Drank water to vomit more. When all the water was out I vomited a small amount of red liquid. Tried to vomit more to see clearly what it was, but I couldn't. I have stuffed nose since I felt ill days ago so I couldn't tell if there was a smell.

How many times have I suffered this? I don't know. What I know is that they are doing this increasingly frequently. Do I need to describe how I see it?
