Need not say, I am still tortured by the mfly sick creatures.

---

20250819\
Fake arrest in front of me at the Forum (Stevenage Town Centre)

---

20250827\
Recently, balant vibration at sleep.\
A few days ago, fell ill again.\
Past few days, full day molestation.\
Let me remind readers again, whatever other sick reasons that may or may not be cited. The violations against me are also done for entertainment.

---

The mfly sick creatures still want to hurt me more. The same mfly sick non-human mentality and behaviours repeat again and again for years.

---

20250903\
Another round of strong damage. Not as serious as the few serious rounds whose damage is still lasting. I use the word strong because subtle damages are always there. This time, by chemicals probably, or at least chemicals were used in the process. Mfly sick creatures.

Since Apr 2022:\
I thought I would call it a good cause if I died while volunteering for Ukraine. I have been mocked.\
I followed even rules that appeared to be made up to treat me discriminately. I have been laughed at.\
For years, I haven't been able to receive genuine mail and information, and I have been harassed, insulted, and damaged. The persecutors laughed like maniacs.\
I voiced against the way they use everything as a tool. I got falsely accused of photographing children, assaulted, and arrested.

Mfly sick creatures.

---

I once read about something like this (I don't remember the exact wording) "Look at the societies nowadays, a bunch of creatures pretending to be people." I probably would have thought the wording was rather strong.
