20251012\
The 42nd month I am treated as non-human, counting only from the application for asylum in Lithuania.

It's also been more than 1 month since my backpack, and along with it almost everything, being stolen. Has been asking the local authorities, who are part of the persecutor group now, or long ago, to let me get it back. only to receive the same things like those from the persecutors in the past years.

Asked them to try imagining if it's their family in my shoes. Useless.

Just like when the Stevenage police seized my property. The harassment including but not limited to the actions pertaining to filming in the past month the spiked again.
Torments that became possible after making me live on the street are everywhere, everyday.

Basically, they are now blatantly using criminal methods against me and backing them with power abuse. For what? I did guess how it began in the past writings, but now, it's like crimes snowballing.

Of course, what’s torturing a human being, ruining his life, compared to admitting their allies treated him as horseshit and proceeded to commit crimes against him with twisted mentality?

Like I have mentioned before, all these years, the 42nd month now, whenever the persecutors come up with some brilliant ideas, they try them on me, at the expense of my health, human dignity, and my life as a whole. If things don't go well? They blame it on me. "Baby, hehehe..." is just one of their "theorems" that everything that goes wrong is my fault. One that keeps self-reinforcing: The more crimes they commit against me, the more faults I am at, and the more crimes are justified to be committed against me.

How do human societies become so crazy? I mean, I won't say I have faith it wasn't this crazy in the past, chance is that it's always been, just that I have learned about it just now. But how are these "human", the creatures that are "us", the creatures whose qualities, however unreliable, we more or less have been told about?

---

20251020\
For 42 months treated as non-human, counting only from the application for asylum in Lithuania. 6 week since the theft of my belongings. Still the same bullshits repeating non-stop. You thought years of non-stop harassment and insult was bad enough. They now proudly harass and insult after stealing and abusing power. I don't know what are these. I can't see anything worth anything. Only mfly sick creatures. More mfly sick creatures. And more mfly sick creatures. The longer I live, the more I see. The sickness keep spreading. The portion that is confirmed that it cannot be not sick is getting smaller and smaller.

42 months of insult and torture, they felt so proud when they abused power to do so. Now they accuse me of one thing after another, insult me in one way after another, damage me in one way after another, ffaces are put up one after another, as if more sf will justify the existing sf. I don't know what I can do in this world that's so full of mfly sick creatures.
