Was assuaulted again on 12 Apr 2025. Got arrested after being assaulted. The perpetrators walked free. One of my phones which I used to record the assault was destroyed. Other devices were taken by the police and aren't returned to me till this day.

Stalking and harassment became aggressive again after they police made me instead of the perpetrators the suspects and retained my remaining devices.

Let's recount some of the events.

- The police appoached me in Tesco after I shopped there in the morning. Pressed me onto the ground and arrested me when I was typing on my phone to communicate with them after they refused to show their messages (I can only read) and their warrant cards properly.
- I regained full awareness in a Luton and Dunstable Hospital which gave me a horribly worded discharge note that said I had no injuries. I had injuries, although not heavy.
- I found my properties, including those in the house (the suppposed asylum acccommodation where I was moved to) were also there. My properties like my backpack were badly messed up. Among my properties I found a warning note about photographing children, most likely because I recorded when I was harassed. The harassment is a almost daily thing in the years-long persection, which is faciliated by the dehumanising extreme surveillance.
- Tesco refused to provide the CCTV footage. One of the thing they said was that they had the footage where I entered and exited the shop. I asked about the other parts. They didn't reply.
- Since then the harassment became aggressive and several assaults happened. In the cases where the police appeared, I would be treated like a suspect when the perpetrator walked free after talking to the police.
- I asked some shops and banks for CCTV footage of an assault. They refused with several reasons that were not reasons and didn't answer when I questioned about them.
- I was assaulted again. Literally got arrested after that too. The perpetrators walked free again. One of my phone was destroyed. Other devices were also taken by the police.
- Haven't been able to communicate effectively. Where they replied, they didn't address my questions/requests but said something not useful, mostly just that they decided they hadn't done anything wrong.

---

20250416\
Victoria Coach Station refused to sell a ticket to me agian. This time, their reason was that a phone number must be provided. I told them I really didn't had one (because the police took my devices when they arrested me after their affiliates assualted me), but they still refused to sell. My movement has been restricted by situation like this for months already.

20250428\
Fell ill again, guess why.\
It’s appeared to me for a while already, my health is not recovering. It's just my damaged health padded by the boost of the exercises I do.\
How are these humanly possible?

---
20250430\
Got some replies from the authorites that continue the absurdity of making me a suspect of assaults and "photographing children".\
I don't think what I have been writing are all the crimes they have been committing against me.\
Although I have said that the mofories and power abuses will only get worse in the vicious cycle, how did our world become so bad? Or it has always been this bad but we (or the ignorant I) didn't realise?

20240501\
Asked on X the Hertfordshire police for a reply. https://x.com/c2025cm/status/1917969553549869557
