20250310

Some time ago I was told to contact OPCCComplaintResolutionTeam@herts-pcc.gov.uk while enquiring the reason and the exact article by which my properties was searched when I was arbitrarily arrested at Tesco months ago where Tesco said that they have the footage when I enter, at self-service machine and exit but didn't answer me about footage in between.

I did feel strange that they told me to contact OPCCComplaintResolutionTeam@herts-pcc.gov.uk for my enquiry, but I could only try since they were not addressing the question properly and were saying that they were blocking me.

Instead of replying me on the email thread I sent with an "enquiring..." title, OPCCComplaintResolutionTeam@herts-pcc.gov.uk started a new email thread with the title "complaint" and talked about complaint and asked me for information. Since I elaborated in my first email that I was told to email them for my enquiry. I tried to bring the conversation back to the original thread and questioned how they understood my email as a complaint and that if telling me to contact them for my enquiry was strange to begin with.

Again, it wasn't answered and they replied in another new thread. In the new thread, they basically repeated something the previous contact said without addressing my question, described the previous events incorrectly/incompletely, claimed that they have done nothing wrong and reaffirmed that their warning of anti-social behaviour is valid.

Since they started the complaint case and talked a great deal about some of the matters, I reiterated the question they didn't address including why they started a complaint case on their own in my name and asked for information and footage. The next reply I got was again that they will not reply any further.


Some details about requesing CCTV footage from Tesco
- The in-store staff claimed that only police can get the CCTV footage
- and accused me of harassing customers when I asked customers to talk to the staff when the staff ignored when I show them an email from Tesco that told me to verify my identity in-store.
- later, in email, they said that they have footage where I entered, at the self-service machine and exited.
- I repeatedly asked about the footage in between for more than a month and got no reply that addressed the question



My previous entries should have mentioned about the accusation of anti-social behaviour. Basically the harassment, assualts and also the accusation are all organised.

So I am suffering not only the years of harassment, insults, assualts, health damages and deprivation of proper information, while not being able to get help even after contacting authorities. I am now suffering intentional false accusations, officially no less. If this is not disgusting, I don't know what is.

The fact that this is happening not in some notorious region but the UK only add to the horror.
