20250730
Went to Halfords a few days ago to look for a bike. Bought one on 28 Jul 2025. Both of the times I spent hours there because there are a lot to consider due to the persecution. I wanted to buy a cheap one, but they said it's only available in another store. Asked if I could order one. They said I still must go to the other store to collect it. Bought a more expensive one as a result. It's assembled and doesn't require any tools, but I bought some tools anyway. Returned to the shop on 29 Jul 2025. They came to ask me to remove the signs on my backpack or leave before I finished typing the problem. The signs were about the torment I have been suffering. I have been carry the signs for months. I have been wondering if people do not see them. Apparently, they are seen.

I finished typing my message to tell them the bike squeaked when ridden. The messages between us remain a mix of remove the sign and the problem. They said it's because the brakes were new. I said it wasn't, it's the frame. They fastened a bolt at the headpost. I replied the one being inappropiate are the persecutors who have been doing what's written on the sign to me for years and told them I wanted no trouble and left. Wanted to buy some tools before leaving but only bought some of them before asked to leave again. Found that the problem wasn't fixed and returned to the stop again. Some staff came out before I entered. I wrote the problem persisted and I would go to the bikehut again with the signs hidden. They rode the bike a bit and took the bike into the shop, I follow with the signs hidden. They did some adjustments on a few place including fasten the bolt at the headpost again. The bike still squeaked. Another staff said it's because I applied stress on it. I show them the force I applied on it was minimal. He repeated it's because I stressed it. Showed him the same model on display didn't squeak. They asked me to choose between refund or wait for maybe a day, maybe a week. I asked if I could just take another can leave. They said they don't have another. I said I could take the display. They said they couldn't let me take the display. I said they could display the one that squeaked instead. They said it's the company's policy that they can't. There're time gaps between each of our exchange because I needed to type and they needed to take care of other customers. Later they said I could take the display, they need about 20 minutes to work on it. I agreed and asked to watch. They said ok. I told them a problem on the display I noticed earlier and tried to check other parts when they were not working on it. They gestured and said something when they returned to the bike. I stepped back.

Later, suddenly, or not, I will skip the details here, they took the bike to move to the storeroom. I followed. They asked me to leave the room. I said we agreed on letting me watch the process and asked why they suddenly moved the bike. They said they were trying to help me but not answering my question. I was told to choose between refund, sign something that take liability of using the bike not prepared by them or let them take the bike away to work on. I asked again for the reason of the sudden change. They repeated they were helping me instead of responding to my question and only let me choose the option they said. I said obliviously something was up and it's not for me. At the end, I said I could only take the refund if they insisted on the sudden change with no explanation. That's the result. I got a refund and left.

I mentioned the persecution and the involvement of the local authorities before each of my departures. I didn't expect much, but the fact that it seemed to be meaningless entirely... still means something to me.

Got a lot more harassment than recently when I was on my way home. Got put under stronger effects than usual at night. The same happened after other things or crimes such as the unlawful arrests.

Writing this in the morning of 30 Jul 2025 after couldn't sleep nor stay awake for more than 10 hours.

I don't know how much readers see in these things. If you don't see much, you probably missed a lot.
