20250318

Both today and yesterday I went to the Home Office in Westminster.
Told about feeling being tormented, asked only for some basic information about my situation. Wasn't even allowed to enter the building.

Many things happened in these two days. I will repeat what I have said before. They do not appreciate any good intention or behaviour. They know crystal clearly that they are commmitting crimes against me. And they are going out of their way to do so.

Being able to get to Westminster was unexpected, because they constantly lie about everything. I couldn't buy the bus ticket in the past months because they said they did not sell it. They said it must be bought online. Familiar? Yes, the same shit at the Riga International Airport. And similar shituations happened at many other places. They again said that they didn't sell the ticket at the Victoria Coach Station for a day or so along with all kinds of bullshit, e.g. they were not licensed to sell the ticket, they were busy, I had to buy the ticket on the bus (and they said they don't sell ticket on the bus before), I had to take a bus to elsewhere first, etc. Until later got one in the same manner as buying it online via the staff of the company at the Green Line Coach Station (Grey Line?).

With the Home Office confirmed to be part of it, this state of being posioned or otherwise drugged or put under effects with other means, both physical and digital communication being intecepted, being bullshitted everywhere, continues. And needless to say, the surveillance, harassment, etc, also continue. And the false accusations. And I am the one being anti society.

Although I have told them how bad I have been feeling, with "baby, hehehe", "mustafa, huhuhu" or "whatever, hahaha", it is enough for them to continue these years-long torture.

So this is the world.
