24 Jan, 2025 I wrote another email again to ask them to stop manipulate my body condition. 25 Jan, 2025 I got drugged to fall ill again. The mother fucking vibration continues.

The vibration largely disappeared for around 2 days, returned around 17:57 28 Jan, 2025.
23:30 31 Jan, 2025.

One of the things that started happening soon after I was moved to Stevenage is that the self-serving machines at supermarket would mal-function when I use them, security scanners at entrance and exit would go off when I pass, and security personnel would be sent my way with little to no reason. Tesco has gone especially crazy since lying to deny access to the important parts of CCTV footage including where the police abused power to press me onto the ground and make an absurd arrest and more.

Still not able to get an email address from the police to request for the retraction of the intentionally abusively issued warning based on the false accusation of filming children. Still getting only meaningless replies from any person or organisation I contact. Still no proper information. Still treated arbitrarily like I am an object owned by the persecutors.

---

34th month of dehumanising surveillance, harassment, insult and harm, counting only from the application for asylum in Lithuania.

There're several times I considered the possibility of misunderstanding and tried to communicate about it. But either it was dodged or the communication was deied, just like in Lithuania.
Whether it was the foreign persecutors or the local on the other end of the communication, it wouldn't be possible if they cared, to say the least. It's more like they are knowingly helping the foreign persecutors shape their narrative, while joining and enjoying at the same time.

As of today 12 Feb 2025, I am still being violated and damaged at their whims.

Seems that the substances with other primary effects also more or less hurt the respiratory system. During the past week the frequency went to dozens times a day, I also have coughed more freqently since then.

33 months of dehumanising treatment, harassment, insults and harm, counting only from the application for asylum in Lithuania. Used me for entertainment and experiments. Caused permanent damage to my health. Severe damage several, subtle damage countless. And they act like they are the ones who are outraged. How unbelievably shameless, heartless, soulless.

Never have I thought that I would become so hatred-filled.
Never have I thought such absolute scum could be bred in bulk outside and far away from the wall.
