20250405 2 p.m.

Typing in Hertfordshire Central Library. I was asssaulted again on my way here. I heard the perpetrator yelled and found him following me. He punched me when he got close. There were more suspicious people on the way.

A few days ago I went to Barclays and asked for the media they told me to collect a while ago. I was told that they destroyed the media and by the end of the conversation, they kept repeating asking me to provide an ID document again. I also repeated my question, which was quite simple, what they asked for my ID document for. Again, no reason other than to verify that I was the person on the footage was provided. I said I was there in person for the to verify. After repeating a few times where I asked for the reason and they repeated only that if I must give them my ID. And then the person asked if I took a picture of him and started yelling. I said yes and that I needed it for record (since they don't show their identities and refuse to provide email address, just like the other persecutors in the past years.) He told me to delete and said that he would call the police. He said I couldn't do that because of some law. I said I would delete it if he showed me the law. He stopped communicating and focus on the phone.

I went to the police station myself to ask if I needed to delete. Apparently, no. But the police talked about CPN, which seemed to mean the thing about photographing children, which I said ridiculous and that they knew it was the harassers that I recorded.

Today is the first time I leave the house after that.
