Three full years.\
Still treated as non-human, harassed, stalked, insulted, assaulted, molested, falsely allegated.

20250502\
Was stopped on the street by the police and was given back one damaged phone and one phone with no sim. Asked for my other properties, the police said he thought those were everything.



20250503\
Went to the Stevenage police station to ask for the remaining properties. Was denied and was told that the officer was on leave again.

@HertPolice hid some of my replies on X.\
https://x.com/c2025cm/status/1918718167192424710

The perpetrator are lurking around again. The police has yet to answer about the case and provide records and information.

20250509\
Went to the Stevenage police station to ask for the remaining properties (with a different reference number for unknown reason) again. Got them back although there were questions unanswered.\
Found that they sent an email to an email address I had no access to because they retained my phone, that told me to I could get my property back just after they refused me at the police station.\
I don't know how many problem there are and how many I will find/miss.\


20250518\
It's been more than 1 month. The police still hasn't relpy to my email asking about the case where I was assaulted but they made me the suspect and about the property damage.

Except:
- OPCCComplaintResolutionTeam@herts-pcc.gov.uk said that I was the suspect for assualts and photographing children and refused to answer anymore.
- fcrenquiries@herts.police.uk said that although the police made me the suspect, the police won't tell me anything unless I make a Freedom of Information request.

They have always been acting on scripts almost everyday. Last mid-night, a woman that started appearing in the house recently yelled something and then the police appeared outside the house. Pretty sure it was another script. I used treat them as simply stupidities and ignore them since Lithuania, or since before I left HK, but since they have shown that they will balantly commit crimes, abuse power to cover them up and make false allegations against me instead, maybe there are more crimes behind the scripts.

---

Although this has is not new, I want to highlight it again. They are still mocking me about the permanent damage they have done to my respiratory system with fake coughs.


I do not understand why any human could have done all these to another human. Before the assaults there were already permanent health damages, unknown substances and devices used against my will, communication/information interception, etc.

You would think that anyone with the slightest humanity would feel remorse for the permanent health damages alone. They don't. They continued to damage my health and mock me with fake coughs for more than one year already, all while committing more and more crimes against me.

Are we really the same species? How could they do all these to me if they are human and they also see me as a human?

Oh, and good f grief, they are authorities.

---

I am sure I have done nothing to Lithuania and the UK to deserve these years of persecution.
