20250806\
I am a fool. I let someone somewhat entered my room while I was trying to communicate with them. Why can't I keep in mind that the chance they are not part of the persecutor group is next to zero?

Being treated as an owned object, put under effects with multiple methods and molested, along with an array of other things facilitated by power abuse for f years, I still am not reacting accordingly.

Having seen <s>these</s> thousands out of thousands, I still am not reacting accordingly.

---

20250811 05:36\
Drugged in the evening and then obvious vibration the whole night again. There is also something that is not always there, whether it's separate or not. Feeling them as I write this.

How sick does one have to be to do this kind of things. And if you have been reading, you know these are not the only things they do to me. And they have been doing these as well as the other things for years.

What kind of sickness is this?

There are things that are used/done frequently again recently, started before this entry.

---

20250813\
For months since the unlawful arrest in Tesco and the warning of photographing childre issued based on false allegation intentionally, "parents" has been sending the children my way, from toddlers to adolescents. Well, many are not accompanied by adults but why would they stalk me? I doubt if the adults have nothing to do with it.

---

There is little doubt that the locals—not just the authorities but also at least some of the citizens—knew what crimes had been commited against me before I arrived in the UK. And their answer to that is to further the crimes.

It's probably the same when I was in Lithuania.

---

The absolute scum run on sheer shamelessness. I can't even count the ways they hurt me, yet they put on f faces, emit f voices to pretend I am the problem.

It is not just reactions. It's a tactic the absolute scum use frequently, and it's getting even more frequent.

Shameless, heartless, soulless. What even are they?

I don't care if the whole world says they are human. If they are then f human.
