20250220
Still treated as a non-human owned by the persecutors.

What happened in the past months very well reflected what the true nature of the persecution in the past years.



20250226

Still treated as non-human.
From what I can see most likely they are still commiting crimes other than those I have recently mentioned against me.

How much I have been drugged (or put under some kind of effect by other means)?
If count by day it would be hundreds. If count by instance, it would be thousands.
What motherfuckingly sick absolute scum can treat a human being like this?
What motherfuckingly sick absolute scum can treat a human being like this and then put up fuck faces emit fuck voices and act like they are the ones outraged?



20250302

Woke up at around 4 a.m.. Played a game on my phone. Almost fell back asleep, or rather, fell unconcious dozens or a hundred of times in 2-3 hours. It took only seconds for me to (briefly) lose conciousness again after I tried my best to stay awake. It is not the first time I experience this. I might know more about what happened than before.

There are other similar things. Like waking up finding myself in various conditions.
Unnatural sleep, which may start with losing conciousness, became quite often.

I have a feeling that there are functions other than respiration getting hurt long-term/permanently.

And there are some other old things recurring.



20250303 4 a.m.
Put into sleep with unknown substance around 10 p.m.. Woke up around 2 a.m. feeling my body under vibration, same as yesterday, same as most of the days. (Don't mistake that the vibration is limited to this.) This is part of what I have been enduring.

22 months in Lithuania. 1 year in the UK. And they condemn me for anti social behaviour.

Spent more than a month trying to get an email address from the police for requesting the retraction of the warning based of on a shameless false accusation. Haven't been able to get even the email address yet.

Likewise, haven't been able to get information about the situation from the Home Office.

Basically I am being used to satisfy their sick desires everyday. Everyday is torture. Everyday is an insult.
(Don't just consider this part.)



20250305 13 p.m.

Fell ill again since yesterday afternoon. The same unnatural illness I have experiecned numerous times in the recent years. Lasted until this morning and to a lesser degree, now.

Went to Barclays for identity verification.
Spent time repeating the reason and waiting.*
They asked for my ID at the end.
I asked why.
They said it's for the dpo to see if I am the person on the CCTV.
I said I was right there for them to see I am the person in the footage and asked if they had other reasons.
They got dramatically mad and said that either I provide my ID or they will close the case today and call the police.*

I could have provided my ID if they provided a legitimate reason. But no, just coercion.

Aside from that, do real readers see how... sad? this is? I am not sure if the word sad describes it.
Pathetic describes it better, but I feel like I have used it so many times that I don't want to use it anymore. This itself is pathetic.


Realised I left something behind while shopping at Aldi, got stopped while trying to leave after putting everything in the basket back to their shelves. Left the bags for them to check and left the shop. Asked if my bags were really clear for them because I had things that I bought there before in the bags. I kept them with me to reduce the chance of being drugged. They said yes. Fact was they knew it before stopping me and I knew they knew before leaving the bag.

Ran fast for a few minutes. Coughed non-stop for about half an hour after stopped running for a while.

Used to run about half an hour when going to work or school. Now I don't last even just a few minutes. And they laughed. They laughed for years while doing all these to me. I don't understand why they think it's funny. And I don't want to ever find it understandable.

Everytime going out there are some pathetic things. Today, there were six, counting by kind, not by instance. Not all written. Unwritten doesn't necessarily mean trivial. Some were quite insulting. Actually this sentence is redundant.

I am quite sure I can think of more. But what's the point? Oh, and you can read the top again for not going out.

23 p.m.
The day was worse then I have written. And it's worse than I realised. Perhaps it goes for most of the day.



20250308 4 a.m.

Although almost everyday I am being put under one effect or another, yesterday was yet another day that I repeatedly lost conciousness worse than usual.

Even now, I have just waken up for about 20 minutes, I feel like I need to sleep again and have already lose conciousness briefly.

edit: lost conciousness a while after typing this part

It's almost like I can hardly do anything serious everyday.

I am still living in a state that I don't seem to own myself. There are another number of things happening recently.

Simply put, the years-long persecution is still going on and the absolute scum are sick as ever, if not getting sicker.
