20251003\
A girl approached me on the street  appeared to be scared of a woman.

Accompanied her to a shop where there were more people

Things still looked bad.

Police and ambulance came.

She still yelled for quite a while before being taken away.

The woman said the girl is her daughter and thanked me for wanted to help and offered to let her daughter contact me to confirm 
she is fine. Left an email address to her.

Seemed that the incident should
be considered resolved and
everyone safe.

But none of the links of the event really made me feel right.

---

20251016\
Still haven't got my property back. This is killing me. The little money I saved by living joylessly while suffering the torturous days for another 1.5 years is gone again, along with another part of my property. I have said nothing of mine was safe, not even myself.

The whole environment also remains cancerous. I regret almost every time when I do something good or behave well. All these years, long before seeking asylum, everywhere I looked was calculation, hell-bent malice, twisted thrill alongside unspokeable sickness.

Having been away from the supposed asylum accommodation for a month, the air outside is kind of better since it's not constantly filled with unknown substances. Yet, my respiratory problem hasn't fully healed. The subtle coughs still persist. The illness that started the night before I came out isn’t fully healed either. This alone has me thinking about what I am living through every time it crosses my mind.
