I wrote about [petty management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/locharp/doomsay/refs/heads/main/en/PettyManagement.txt) two years ago. Although I wrote some other writings, such as [Surveillance and Cultural Revolution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/locharp/doomsay/refs/heads/main/en/Surveillance_and_Cultral_Revolution_n.txt) with the feeling that what I was experiencing at the time was similar, this one was mostly the experience from the first half of my life. Written in the hope that the Lithuanians would understand what kind of people could be behind the persecution.

Unfortunately, it seems that another question I raised at an even earlier time in Lithuania comes into play. "I don't know if it's just my homeland or if it is a worldwide thing." My line was probably something close to that. I lamented about how absurd "huge prettiness" sounded. As if it was not bad enough, seems that it is actually global prettiness. Numerous people and authorities are supporting them.

To this day I am, among other things, still often put under various effects by unknown substances and devices. I can see that my information and privacy not only get continuously disclosed to a wide range of people, what I feared has also come true. They do use what they gathered to get more people involved in the persecution.

And they try to pose their persecution as education. It's beyond my ability to describe how insane and ridiculous this is. A group of people who go out of their way to create problems out of nothing, to harass, to insult, to damage your health, to drug you into unnatural erection and observe it via their dehumanising surveillance for fun, and probably to share that, consider themselves fit to educate. Mind-blowing.

I am not going to repeat the good intentions I came with here. A simple truth is that they fill my heart with hatred with their harassment, insult and torture every day, and then they pose themselves as educators who would educate me. Whether it is a misdirection from the fact that they are power-abusing human rights violators, or they are sick enough to believe that, this is like the pretty management I have written about – create problems out of nothing and then pose themselves as problem solvers. Disgusting.
