I actually tried to volunteer for Ukraine in Poland in 2022 before seeking asylum in Lithuania.

Looking back I guess everything was already controlled by the persecutors back then. Anyway I didn't get a response and went to Lithuania and immediately applied for asylum there.

---

Short version: I planned to reactivate a bank a/c I used in the UK years ago so I needed to come here first. But I was detained and robbed at RIX, Latvia until my passport had 1 day left and I had next to no money left.

So they basically made sure I couldn't go any further.

---

Long version: Unfortunately, despite behaving well, which I can't say the same now, what I got was endless harassment, relived persecution, insults and permanent health damage. I left Lithuania after 22 months when I found that even the appeal was fake and the court helped it.

They repeatedly asked where I would go to despite I repeatedly told them my devices were not secure and deciding beforehand would endanger me. But I did tell them I would go to the UK to reactivate a bank account first so that I'll have (a bit) more money available.

And then I was detained and robbed at the Riga International Airport in Latvia despite the Lithuanian Immigration Department had given me back my expiring passport and verbally agreed that I could travel pass Schengen Area to seek safety elsewhere.

I was also told to write an email imezs@iom.int to ask for help when it's them who detained me.
They had my passport, took photo of me, pretended I chose to stay in the airport myself.
I received an email from imezs@iom.int only when I was in the asylum accommodation in the UK.

I probably should clarify that when I said I can't say I behave as well as I was, I am still far more decent a human being than the persecutors. I don't actively seek to hurt others for one.
